---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to our team website!"
date:   2020-10-25
excerpt: "AI-based Water Resource Prediction and Management"
image: "/images/pic02.jpg"
---

## About our team
There are many people in our team who have experience in software development and know a lot about it. Liu had worked as a data product manager in NIO for more than five months. he not only assisted the User Product team to design product prototypes for many times, accumulated a lot of experience in using various APP prototype software such as Sketch, Axure and Mockingbot, but also wrote a lot of products requirements documents, have a lot of experience in how to design products that truly meet the needs of users. Gao had an internship at Inspur Software, where he participated in the preparation and improvement of documents for software. He had the real experience to modify many software documents in the company, so he knew how to make documents more effective and useful. Dong was the leader of her group when she did course work for Software Engineering last semester. She knows how to assign suitable tasks to members to maximize their efficiency, and she has a lot of experience dealing with conflicts within a group. She was able to lead her group members well, and finally her group got a high score of 26/30 last semester. In addition, her score in software engineering last semester was over 70, which could show that she has a good understanding of the process of software engineering. Li has rich experience in software testing.
Besides, we are familiar with many languages and tools, including Java, C, Python, MATLAB. Gao has certain understanding of database and data transfer since he was responsible for database maintenance and data acquisition during his internship. Moreover, he also has some insights into the interaction between the primary system and the subsystem. Zhu learnt some basic idea of cloud computing, deep learning method, computer vison API and edge base devices. Wu worked with the team to develop a WeChat Mini app. She had experience in UI design, web design and innovation, and more importantly, she participated in improving Interface function, so she knew a lot about the usage of interface. Li has profound experiences in machine learning, image process, front-end programming and back-end programming. We are confident to use these tools to assist software development.

